Fix broken links and some grammatical errors in FixAllProvider.md (#43286)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/analyzers/FixAllProvider.md

Each unique equivalence key for a code fixer defines a unique equivalence class of code actions. Equivalence key of the trigger code action is part of the `FixAllContext` and is used to determine the FixAll occurrences code fix.
Normally, you can use the **'title'** of the code action as the equivalence key. However, there are cases where you may desire to have different values. Let us take an example to get a better understanding.

> Let us consider the [C# SimplifyTypeNamesCodeFixProvider](http://sourceroslyn.io/#q=Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.SimplifyTypeNames.SimplifyTypeNamesCodeFixProvider) that registers multiple code actions and also has FixAll support. This code fixer offers fixes to simplify the following expressions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us consider the [C# SimplifyTypeNamesCodeFixProvider](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/blob/master/src/Features/CSharp/Portable/SimplifyTypeNames/SimplifyTypeNamesCodeFixProvider.cs) that registers multiple code actions and also has FixAll support. This code fixer offers fixes to simplify the following expressions:
```

 - Qualified type name simplification: Fix all should simplify all qualified type names 'A.B' to 'B'. However, we don't want to simplify **all** qualified type names, such as 'C.D', 'E.F', etc. as that would be too generic a fix, which is not likely intended by the user.
 - Member access expressions: Fix all should simplify all member access expressions 'A.M' to 'M'.

It uses the below equivalence keys for its registered code actions to get the desired FixAll behavior:
 - `this` expression simplification: Generic resource string "Simplify this expression", which explicitly excludes the contents of the node being simplified.
 - Qualified type name simplification: Formatted resource string "Simplify type name A.B", which explicitly includes the contents of the node being simplified.
 - Member access expressions: Formatted resource string "Simplify type name A.M", which explicitly includes the contents of the node being simplified.

> Note that '`this` expression simplification' fix requires a different kind of an equivalence class from the other two simplifications. See method [GetCodeActionId](http://sourceroslyn.io/#Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features/ImplementAbstractClass/AbstractImplementAbstractClassCodeFixProvider.cs,33263e33e50dcc3a) for the actual implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that '`this` expression simplification' fix requires a different kind of an equivalence class from the other two simplifications. See method [GetCodeActionId](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/blob/master/src/Features/Core/Portable/ImplementAbstractClass/AbstractImplementAbstractClassCodeFixProvider.cs) for the actual implementation.
```
